hi guys as you guys already know I've
been having trouble with my snail shells
deteriorating and I put a cuttlefish
bone in there last week but they haven't
really touched it so I'm gonna try this
new snail jello recipe in the hopes that
it'll help them to regrow their shells
so let's get started
you
so here are the things you're gonna need
and you can get most of these at your
local grocery store the first thing is
the Knox original gelatin unflavored
this little box is about a dollar and
comes with four envelopes you're only
going to need one and a half of the
envelopes so I have two out and ready
the next thing you're going to need are
the tums
I bought the berry flavor in the ultra
strength 1000 the recipe says to use 10
to 12 of the 750 tablets so if you
calculate that out it's equivalent to
about 8 to 9 of these tablets so I have
9 tablets right here it also calls for
the algae thins or algae wafers but it
doesn't say how many to use so I'm just
gonna experiment and start with 10
little algae fins for this batch my name
is Jim we make you this little picture
anyway then you're gonna need some baby
food so go into the baby aisle and grab
a little 4 ounce jar of baby food that's
high in calcium the two that I found
that had the highest amount of calcium
were this organic corn and butternut
squash and the green beans so you only
have to use one of these but I bought
two just in case I wanted to make
another batch then you're gonna need
some sort of Bowl to crush the wafers
and the tums in obviously you'll need
something to crush the tablets with so I
don't have a grinder or a rolling pin so
I'm just gonna use this wine opener that
I found and if that doesn't work then I
will use the end of this peeler then
you'll need something to put the jello
in once you're done and I'm just gonna
use a you know Tupperware but you can
use ice cube trays or whatever you want
to put it in
okay this is my first time making these
now jell-o's for my snails so it's gonna
be a hit or miss I put one into the tank
a couple of hours ago and the shrimp
already kind of grazing on it but the
snails haven't really touched them at
all so I guess I'll keep you guys posted
if you have any questions please comment
below and if you enjoy my videos please
like and subscribe thanks for watching
so this is my niece Addie and she's
helping me to make the snail food what
do you think that looks like Addie well
it looks like snail food do you think
it's yummy for the snails yeah
is it ready yet no no not yet
is it ready now not yet when will be
ready when will it be ready when the
what okay whose picture is not for the
snail can you tell me about it cuz it's
beautiful is it a flower do snails like
flowers yeah I know
butterfly milk for tree smell my
butterfly milk
oh really bless you